Create 2024-05-14.md (#139)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-confirmation/release-notes/2024-05-14.md

Veteran Confirmation

> /status

Reviewer: Is status supposed to be listed here?

Author: What we're trying to convey here is that these changes are for post requests of /status, but that's also the only thing you can do with Veteran confirmation. 
![image](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content/assets/153761193/2dcc2925-00bf-4711-8c40-feecef272e09)
Maybe there is a better way that we could word or even remove /status and the Post requests - so that it just starts with:

Special characters and spaces are now accepted.... and so on

> Post requests - Special characters and spaces are now accepted in Demographic fields as follows:

Reviewer: Is this saying that for post requests, special characters and space are now accepted...? As in, this set of criteria only applies to post requests?

Author: Yes but there is only one kind of request. The single post request to confirm /status

Valid entries for the name fields include:
* Upper and/or lower case letters
* Spaces
* Numbers
* Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '

> * More than one name in a field. For example: First name: Margaret Mary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* More than one name in a field, such as: First name: Margaret Mary
```

> * Names in the field can be separated by a space or a valid special character (forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote ').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Names separated by a space or a valid special character (forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote ').
```

  
**_zip, city_**

Valid entries for zip and city include:

> * One to sixteen uppercase or lowercase letters, digits, spaces, or hyphens -.

Reviewer: @camronmartinez is this a specific case where only one to sixteen upper and lower case letters etc. can be included? Or is it only for zip, city where 1 - 16 characters can be included?

Author: Zip can be 1 to 16 characters: accepts alphanumeric, spaces and hypens.
City doesn't have the the 1 to 16 character limit and has the additional symbols.

> * City can accept one or more uppercase or lowercase letters, digits, spaces, commas, apostrophes ', periods, back slashes \, forward slashes /, or hyphens - .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
City can accept:
- One or more uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods
- Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '
```

> _address lines 1, 2, and 3_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_address lines 1, 2, and 3_**
```

> * Address lines can accept one or more uppercase or lowercase letters, digits, spaces, commas, apostrophes ' , periods, back slashes \, forward slashes /, or hyphens -.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for address lines include: 
- One or more uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods
- Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '
```

> _birthPlaceCity, State, Country_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_birthPlaceCity, State, Country_**
```

> * Can accept one or more uppercase or lowercase letters, digits, spaces, commas, apostrophes ', periods, back slashes \, forward slashes /, or hyphens - .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for birth place city, state, and country include:
- One or more uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods
- Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '
```

Special characters and spaces are now accepted in the Demographic fields.

**_First, Middle, and Last Name fields_**

Valid entries for the name fields include:
* Upper and/or lower case letters
* Spaces
* Numbers
* Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '
* More than one name in a field, such as: First name: Margaret Mary
* Names separated by a space or a valid special character (forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote ').
  
**_zip, city_**

> Valid entries for zip and city include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for zip:
```

> * One to sixteen uppercase or lowercase letters, digits, spaces, or hyphens -.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One to sixteen uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Hyphens - 
```

> City can accept:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for city are:
```

Special characters and spaces are now accepted in the Demographic fields.

**_First, Middle, and Last Name fields_**

Valid entries for the name fields include:
* Upper and/or lower case letters
* Spaces
* Numbers
* Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '
* More than one name in a field, such as: First name: Margaret Mary
* Names separated by a space or a valid special character (forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote ').
  
**_zip, city_**

> Valid entries for zip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for zip include:
```

- One to sixteen uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Hyphens - 

> Valid entries for city are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Valid entries for city include:
```

- One or more uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods
- Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '

**_address lines 1, 2, and 3_**

> Valid entries for address lines include: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Valid entries for address lines include: 
```

- One or more uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods
- Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '

**_birthPlaceCity, State, Country_**

> Valid entries for birth place city, state, and country include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Valid entries for birth place city, state, and country include:
```

> Special characters and spaces are now accepted in the Demographic fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special characters and spaces are now accepted in the following Demographic fields below:
```

`first_name`, `middle_name`, `last_name`

> Valid entries for the name fields include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for name fields now include:
```

* Upper and/or lower case letters
  * First character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter.
  * Last character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter.

> * Allowed to have more than one name in a field, such as: `"first_name": "Margaret Mary"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* More than one name in a field, such as: `"first_name": "Margaret Mary"`.
```

> * Names separated by a space or the following special characters: hyphen -, single quote ‘, forward slash /, back slash \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Names separated by a space or the following special characters: hyphen -, single quote ‘, forward slash /, back slash \\. 
  * **Note**: Names are not allowed to have multiple consecutive special characters.
  * `"first_name": "Robert/Bob"` in first name field would be accepted, but `"first_name": "Robert//Bob"` would be rejected for having 2 consecutive special characters //.
```

> * Name are not allowed to have multiple consecutive special characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   * `"first_name": "Robert/Bob"` in first name field would be accepted, but `"first_name": "Robert//Bob"` would be rejected for having 2 consecutive special characters //.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    
`city`, `birth_place_city`, `street_address_line_1`, `street_address_line_2`, `street_address_line_3`

> Valid entries for the above fields include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for the address fields now include:
```

* Upper and/or lower case letters
* Spaces
* Numbers
* Commas
* Periods
* Special characters: hyphen -, single quote ‘, forward slash /, back slash \\
* `city`, and `street_address_line_1` are mandatory fields, and must have at least 1 character.

> * `street_address_line_2` and `street_address_line_3` are optional fields, but can be 0 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `street_address_line_2` and `street_address_line_3` are optional fields, and can be 0 characters.
```

> * `birthPlaceCity` is an optional field, and must have at least 1 character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `birthPlaceCity` is an optional field, but must have at least 1 character if used.
```

Reviewer: Is this right @camronmartinez ?

Author: correct!

`zip_code`

> Valid entries for zip include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for zip code now include:
```

> * One to sixteen of the following characters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1 to 16 of the following characters:
```

  * Upper and/or lower case letters
  * Numbers
  * Spaces
  * Hyphens -

`state`, `country`, `birth_place_state`, `birth_place_country`

> Valid entries for the above fields include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for the birthplace fields now include:
```

* Upper and/or lower case letters
  * First character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter
  * Last character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter

> * Allowed to have more than one name in a field, such as `"country": "Guinea Bissau"` or `"country": "Guinea-Bissau"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* More than one name in a field, such as `"country": "Guinea Bissau"` or `"country": "Guinea-Bissau"`.
```

* Contiguous blocks of uppercase and lowercase letters are allowed to be separated by a space or hyphen -. Multiple consecutive spaces and/or hyphens are not allowed.

>     * `"country": "Guinea-Bissau"` would be accepted, but `"country": "Guinea--Bissau"`  would be rejected for having 2 consecutive hypens `--`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `"country": "Guinea-Bissau"` would be accepted, but `"country": "Guinea--Bissau"` would be rejected for having 2 consecutive hypens `--`.
```

Special characters and spaces are now accepted in the following Demographic fields below:

> **Name fields**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Name fields**

```

> **_First, Middle, and Last Name fields_**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_First, Middle, and Last Name_**
```

Valid entries for the name fields include:
* Upper and/or lower case letters
* Spaces
* Numbers

> * Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Special characters: hyphen -, single quote ', forward slash /, back slash \
```

* More than one name in a field, such as: First name: Margaret Mary

> * Names separated by a space or a valid special character (forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote ').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Names separated by a space or a valid special character (hyphen -, single quote ', forward slash /, back slash \).
```

  
**_zip, city_**

Valid entries for zip include:

> - One to sixteen uppercase or lowercase letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One to sixteen uppercase and/or lowercase letters
```

- Numbers
- Spaces
- Hyphens - 

Valid entries for city include:

> - One or more uppercase or lowercase letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uppercase and/or lowercase letters
```

- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods

> - Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Special characters: hyphen -, single quote ', forward slash /, back slash \
```

> **Address fields**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Address fields**

```

**_address lines 1, 2, and 3_**

Valid entries for address lines include: 
- One or more uppercase or lowercase letters
- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods

> - Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Special characters: hyphen -, single quote ', forward slash /, back slash \
```

**_birthPlaceCity, State, Country_**

Valid entries for birth place city, state, and country include:

> - One or more uppercase or lowercase letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more uppercase and/or lowercase letters
```

- Numbers
- Spaces
- Commas
- Periods

> - Special characters: forward slash /, back slash \, hyphen -, single quote '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Special characters: hyphen -, single quote ', forward slash /, back slash \
```

> Special characters and spaces are now accepted in the following Demographic fields below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific characters and spaces are now accepted in the following Demographic fields:
```

**Name fields**

`first_name`, `middle_name`, `last_name`

> Valid entries for name fields now include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for the name fields now include:
```

> * Upper and/or lower case letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upper and/or lower case letters.
```

  * First character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter.
  * Last character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter.
* More than one name in a field, such as: `"first_name": "Margaret Mary"`.
* Names separated by a space or the following special characters: hyphen -, single quote ‘, forward slash /, back slash \\. 
  * **Note**: Names are not allowed to have multiple consecutive special characters.

>   * `"first_name": "Robert/Bob"` in first name field would be accepted, but `"first_name": "Robert//Bob"` would be rejected for having two consecutive //.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `"first_name": "Robert/Bob"` in first name field would be accepted, but `"first_name": "Robert//Bob"` would be rejected for having two consecutive `/`.
```

    
**Address fields**

`city`, `birth_place_city`, `street_address_line_1`, `street_address_line_2`, `street_address_line_3`

Valid entries for the address fields now include:

> * Upper and/or lower case letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upper and/or lower case letters.
```

> * Spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Spaces.
```

> * Numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Numbers.
```

> * Commas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Commas.
```

> * Periods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Periods.
```

> * Special characters: hyphen -, single quote ‘, forward slash /, back slash \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Special characters: hyphen -, single quote ‘, forward slash /, back slash \\.
```

> * At least 1 character for `city`, and `street_address_line_1`, which are mandatory fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least 1 character for `city` and `street_address_line_1`, which are mandatory fields.
```

> * `city`, and `street_address_line_1` are mandatory fields, and must have at least 1 character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least 1 character for `city`, and `street_address_line_1`, which are mandatory fields.
```

> * 0 characters or more with `street_address_line_2` and `street_address_line_3`, which are optional fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 0 characters or more for `street_address_line_2` and `street_address_line_3`, which are optional fields.
```

> * `street_address_line_2` and `street_address_line_3` are optional fields, and can be 0 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 0 characters or more with `street_address_line_2` and `street_address_line_3`, which are optional fields.
```

> * At least 1 character with `birthPlaceCity`, which is an optional field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least 1 character for `birthPlaceCity`, which is an optional field.
```

> * `birthPlaceCity` is an optional field, and must have at least 1 character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least 1 character with `birthPlaceCity`, which is an optional field.
```

`zip_code`

> Valid entries for zip code now include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid entries for the zip code field now include:
```

* 1 to 16 of the following characters:

>   * Upper and/or lower case letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Upper and/or lower case letters.
```

>   * Numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Numbers.
```

>   * Spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Spaces.
```

>   * Hyphens -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Hyphens.
```

`state`, `country`, `birth_place_state`, `birth_place_country`

Valid entries for the birthplace fields now include:

> * Upper and/or lower case letters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upper and/or lower case letters.
```

>   * First character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * First character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter.
```

>   * Last character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Last character must be an uppercase or lowercase letter.
```

* More than one name in a field, such as `"country": "Guinea Bissau"` or `"country": "Guinea-Bissau"`.

> * Contiguous blocks of uppercase and lowercase letters that are separated by a space or hyphen . Multiple consecutive spaces and/or hyphens are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contiguous blocks of uppercase and lowercase letters that are separated by a space or hyphen. Multiple consecutive spaces and/or hyphens are not allowed.
```

> * Contiguous blocks of uppercase and lowercase letters that are separated by a space or hyphen -. Multiple consecutive spaces and/or hyphens are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contiguous blocks of uppercase and lowercase letters that are separated by a space or hyphen . Multiple consecutive spaces and/or hyphens are not allowed.
```

> * Contiguous blocks of uppercase and lowercase letters are allowed to be separated by a space or hyphen -. Multiple consecutive spaces and/or hyphens are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contiguous blocks of uppercase and lowercase letters that are separated by a space or hyphen -. Multiple consecutive spaces and/or hyphens are not allowed.
```

>     * `"country": "Guinea-Bissau"` would be accepted, but `"country": "Guinea--Bissau"` would be rejected for having 2 consecutive hypens `--`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `"country": "Guinea-Bissau"` would be accepted, but `"country": "Guinea--Bissau"` would be rejected for having 2 consecutive `-`.
```
